# Guidance session 11

## Questions

* Citation style?
* StackOverflow citation?
* Graph explaining difference between IoU and F1 metric?
* Local min-max scaling dependence on deviance from mean spread?
* Too detailed outline in current draft of the thesis?
* Location of figures? Let LaTeX decide, or force correct ordering?

## Session notes

* Merge "segmentation architectures" and "domain specific work" into one single section. Write more superficially in this section, glancing over some details which will not be applied. Focus on the differences between each modeling approach. Go into greater detail for the models I am actually using and put this together with the data processing/modeling chapter.
* The research question itself should be more emphasized in the introduction section. Perhaps add a separate "research question" subsection?
* Numerical citation style is preferred, especially since the NTNU template uses it as well.
* Analyzing deviance from mean and the resulting metrics is a good experiment. The same can be said about global SD standardization and local mean standardization.
* Small numerical experiment explaining the difference between the IoU metric and F1 metric is good to include. Deliberations around central metrics is a bonus. Instead of citing the StackOverflow answer, I should put it into a footnote.
* The "Accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity" section is OK, the length is good as well.
* I should start writing about the experiments section.

## Priority going forwards

* [ ] Make the research question more prominent in the introduction.
* [ ] Write about existing work and domain specific work in a superficial manner, see if Erlend is satisfied with the resulting granularity.
* [ ] Start writing the experiments section.
