# Guidance session 9

## Session Notes

* Batch Normalization might be the reason for the spikes, but spikes are not too uncommon in practice. It needs not necessarily be explained if I include figures having spikes in the report. As long as the final model is not being affected by the spikes, everything is good.
* I should definitely be testing other architectures such as UNet++.
* I might be writing too much in detail on some surrounding topics that are not very relevant for the task at hand. Try to be quite focused when it is not really important. Try to write it such that sections can possibly be deleted before handing in the final document. One example is the UTM zone section in the report.
* How does spatial extent and resolution influence the predictions of the model? If I am going to investigate this, I should phrase the question as a generalization problem. Perhaps use a test set with different characteristics, let's say data from a country with smaller LiDAR resolution. How does sub-sampling on the Trondheim dataset as an augmentation technique affect the generalization to this other dataset? To summarize, such research questions should be reformulated to something that is a real use case, not just a synthetic test.
* What should I write much about? The focus should be on experimentations and the deliberations around it. Why have I made the decisions I have done? What do the experimentations show us? And so on.
* The research question should be included in the end of the introduction. It should be condensed as much as possible, try to be concise.
* At the end of the report, I should write up a summary of improvements that could have been made, further research that needs to be done, and so on. This can be a primer for the master thesis.
* What does RGB prediction manage to predict, but LiDAR not and vice versa? Show plots of what improves going from one type of model to the other. Sort by worst predictions on LiDAR data, predict these with RGB, and show the best improvement. This might give us some information about what we should focus on on the master thesis.
