# Guidance session 10

## Questions

* Which fundamental machine learning concepts should I write about? Batch normalization, drop-out, and so on, for instance. Short paragraph for each perhaps? Concepts such as data augmentation will become separate sections anyway, because I am making decisions related to such concepts.
* Training graphs, what do they tell us? Is the model too simple?
* How to get my specialization courses accepted by the institute? Has any other students contacted you about this? Should we send a form to the study counselor?
* I have now implemented a method which identifies the edge pixels of the mask. Should we consider weighing these pixels differently in the loss and/or metric? These pixels are inherently "faulty", so what if we weight them by zero in the metric?
* How to write about a whole lot of different model architectures in the "cutting edge" section? Write conceptually about each model? Focus on the unique contributions of the model? Go into detail, explaining the different aspects with equations and everything?
* Should I include a glossary at the end, defining such terms as _affine transformation_? Explain every term? Presumed knowledge?

## Session Notes

* Not much in detail on state-of-the-art. If I am using it, I should go into detail. How does the model distinguish itself?
* Write exactly what I am doing. Short paragraph on batch normalization for instance.
* Test adding more capacity to see if it works (hyperparameter tuning).
* Train with other decision rule on pixel containment.
* Test with other splits. Remove entire region from test. Test against Oslo.
